Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a zombie horror film
from 2013, titled World War Z.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
We see a suburban house.
Two kids enter their parent's room and jump
on their bed.
Later, Gerry gives his daughters pancakes,
and his wife Karin tells Rachel to get her
inhaler.
He watches the riots on the news, where one
government has declared martial law.
Connie asks what that is and if he was in
places like that with his old job.
Gerry says that he was, but that he quit so
that he could be with them.
Rachel brings Connie her toy, and they leave
for school.
On the way, they play a game in the car because
they are stuck in traffic.
Karin wonders about the number of helicopters
in the air.
Gerry turns on the radio.
The news report about an outbreak of rabies
that started in Taiwan and has spread to other
countries.
Suddenly, a biker breaks the side view mirror,
and Gerry gets out to pick it up and see what's
happening.
An explosion happens down the street.
A cop on a motorbike orders him to get in
the car when a truck smashes into him and
continues to clear out the street.
Gerry begins to drive behind it, thinking
it can be their way out.
It rams into another truck and topples over,
but Gerry turns and avoids a crash.
He drives through the city, filled with the
military, and on the verge of a crisis.
Gerry turns around to tell Rachel to put her
seatbelt on when an ambulance hits their car.
None of them are hurt.
Gerry takes Connie out first and then Rachel
from the same side.
Zombies can be seen chasing down frightened
people and attacking them relentlessly.
A zombie woman smashes through the windshield
of a car to get to the people inside.
Karin sees her bite into a man, and she freaks
out.
Gerry tells her to run.
As they do so, he observes the situation with
the woman.
The bitten man turns into a zombie on the
spot.
Gerry gets his family into an RV as the other
zombies ravage the people on the street.
One zombie almost enters their car.
Gerry rides furiously through the streets
as zombies keep attacking the vehicle.
They eventually get to a road outside of the
city.
Rachel has an asthma attack, and Karin tries
to calm her down.
She checks her backpack for a spare inhaler,
and Gerry stops the vehicle to sit with Rachel,
talking her through the attack.
Karin doesn't find the medicine and wants
to start the RV so they can find a pharmacy,
but it won't go.
Gerry's phone rings.
The call is from a former colleague Thierry.
He tells him that they barely made it out
and that he doesn't know what happened either.
Meanwhile, Connie finds a shotgun, and Gerry
takes it away from her.
Karin manages to get the RV going.
Thierry tells Gerry that he'll try to get
a chopper to them, calling him back with an
extraction point in an hour.
Before he hangs up, he tells Gerry that he'll
need him back on the job.
They arrive in Newark and proceed to a store
that has already been stormed by people.
They split up, with Karin going to get some
food and Gerry taking Rachel to find the medicine
she needs.
In the pharmacy, they run into a guy with
a gun who asks them what they need.
He finds the medicine for them and gives it
to Gerry, along with something else that might
help.
Meanwhile, Connie screams for him, rolling
by herself in a cart.
They get to her and see Karin being attacked.
Gerry goes after her, but the men start shooting.
He shoots back and gets one of them.
A police officer runs in, and Gerry puts his
hands up, but he just goes to get the groceries
he needs.
The family gets out of the store and finds
the RV gone.
Gerry calls Thierry to tell him where they
will be, but he says that he can get a chopper
to them earliest at sunrise.
The family will be waiting on the top of an
apartment building with flares.
They get to the building, and zombies chase
after them.
Gerry holds them off outside, then joins the
family to secure the door.
As they run up the stairs, the zombies break
through the door and follow them.
In the chaos of the chase, they lose Connie
and go searching for her through the apartments.
They find her in front of an open door with
another family inside.
Gerry gets them inside.
They get settled and communicate with the
parents via Thomas, their son.
Gerry finds an emergency broadcast on the
radio.
The message states that everyone should stay
indoors if possible because an unidentified
virus has spread across the state.
Gerry wakes up from a nightmare and hears
something outside.
He finds Rachel and Thomas in another room,
and the boy tells him that she was crying.
Later, Gerry talks to the father and tells
him that they have a better chance to survive
if they come with them.
He declines his offer.
Gerry and his family leave the apartment.
They hear the zombies inside the building
and run toward the roof while Thomas's family
argues about going with them because the zombies
are at their door.
Gerry's family hides to regroup.
When they open the doors, the zombies attack
instantly.
They run up the stairs, and Gerry fights off
a few of them, with more zombies at their
tail.
Meanwhile, the chopper approaches the building
but doesn't see them.
Gerry fights another zombie as Karin and the
girls escape to the roof.
Suddenly, Thomas kills the zombie.
Karin lights the flares.
The chopper sees them.
Gerry comes to the roof with Thomas but gets
away from them to see if he'll turn.
He takes a moment but hears the zombies at
the door and runs to holds it down.
When the chopper lands, Karin and the kids
get on it.
A soldier covers Gerry's back so he can get
to the chopper.
They continue shooting at the zombies who
throw themselves after the helicopter and
fall off the building.
The chopper lands on a U.N. ship in the Atlantic
ocean.
Thierry greets them upon arrival, then leads
them to their bunks.
He tells them that they're not dropping anchor
again.
As he leads Gerry to command, he informs him
that all the major cities around the globe
took the worst of the virus.
Inside the command station, a think tank is
seen brainstorming over the virus.
Doctor Fassbach thinks that once they find
the origin of the virus, they could create
a vaccine.
Thierry calls Fassbach their best bet to figure
out what the virus is, and tells Gerry that
the word "zombie" was first used in a memo
from South Korea.
They plan to send the doctor there to look
for the source.
Suddenly, a general walks into command, heading
straight for Gerry.
He tells him that since he was Thierry's best
investigator, they want to send him to South
Korea with a team and Fassbach.
Gerry says no because he can't leave his family.
The general can't convince him so he threatens
him.
If he doesn't work for them, they will kick
his family off the ship.
Garry talks to Karin and tells her what their
situation is.
He gives her a phone and tells her to call
him once a day.
Gerry promises that he'll come back, then
says goodbye to his daughters and to Thomas.
Gerry's plane takes off.
He tells Fassbach that he needs to follow
the soldier's orders.
Gerry also tells him to call out anything
he sees as important so they can make it happen.
Fassbach thinks that they'll find something
there and says that sometimes what might seem
like the most brutal aspect of the virus turns
out to be its fault.
Meanwhile, the ship is
relocating all non-essential
persons off-board.
The airplane lands in South Korea even though
no one answers from the base to confirm if
they can.
The hatch opens, and the team begins to move
out when they hear something outside.
They exit slowly when zombies begin to attack.
Fassbach gets scared and runs back to the
plane, slips and falls on the gun, accidentally
shooting himself.
The soldiers fight off the zombies and proceed
to the base without Fassbach.
Once inside they are met with the soldiers
from the base who ask them why they're there.
Gerry tells them about Fassbach, then the
pilot asks about refueling.
Captain Speke explains that when it comes
to it they'll have to be very careful because
the zombies are drawn to noise.
He tells them that headshots are the ones
that do the trick, but they also burn the
bodies when they can.
He asks Gerry what he'll do since Fassbach
is dead.
Gerry explains the memo with the word "zombie".
They take him to a holding room with burned
bodies and explain that all of those were
soldiers trying to detain their doctor.
He bit all of them.
The only thing they know about how he got
the virus was that a soldier that had disappeared
a week before had bitten him.
When the doctor returned, he bit as many as
15 men.
Unfortunately, the documents with which Gerry
could track the soldier that bit the doctor
were also destroyed in the fire.
Speke tells him that one of his men didn't
get attacked by the zombies, even though he
was right in the middle of them.
Gerry sees a former CIA agent in holding and
talks to him.
He had been selling guns to North Korea, but
he tells Gerry that guns are only half-measures.
The ex-agent pulls out his last remaining
tooth and tells him that they pulled out the
teeth of the entire population in 24 hours
to stop the spread.
Gerry calls it bullshit.
Then the man says that Israel is the only
country winning the war by building an entire
wall around Jerusalem, and he tells Gerry
who to find there.
Later, Gerry tells his pilot that they are
going to Jerusalem.
The soldiers prepare Garry and his team to
get on the plane.
Speke has an entire strategy on how to handle
the refueling of the plane.
Gerry and his team ride to the plane on bikes,
and the soldiers surround the base with snipers
to cover their backs.
Speke tells them over the radio that they
have to be quiet and get to the plane before
he can bring in the fuel.
As they ride, Karin calls Gerry, and his ringtone
wakes the zombies.
The men proceed to move with zombies on their
tail when Speke takes down a group of them
with the fuel truck.
The refueling begins as Gerry and his team
fight zombies in front of the plane.
A zombie attacks Gerry and Speke saves him
but gets bitten himself.
As Gerry is being loaded on board, Speke tells
his men that he'll kill himself before he
turns.
Gerry sees him do it from the plane.
One of his team walks out to detach the fuel
line as Gerry gets in the cockpit, locking
the door behind him so the zombies don't come
in.
When they lift off, they fall out of the back
of the plane.
Gerry calls Karin and tells her that they'll
be going to Israel.
She tells him that the kids are ok.
Suddenly there's an explosion, and the call
is dropped.
The airplane approaches Jerusalem, and they
ask for the MOSSAD agent Gerry is going there
to see, and they get granted access.
Gerry tells his pilot to stay with the plane.
Then he's taken with a convoy to the agent.
Jurgen Warmbrunn tells him that it's human
nature not to believe something can happen
until it already has.
Gerry asks him how Israel knew.
Warmbrunn tells him that they interrupted
a communiqué from an Indian general in which
he mentions fighting zombies.
Gerry doesn't think that was the thing that
convinced the veteran agent.
He explains that in the '70s they made a strategy
in which the 10th man must disagree with the
other 9 that arrived at the same conclusion.
The 10th man has to start digging with the
assumption that the other 9 are wrong.
Since everyone else assumed that zombies were
a cover for something else, being the 10th
he had to work under the assumption that it
was true.
Warmbrunn tells him that there are many potential
origins in play, but no one knows where the
virus originated.
They finally arrive at the wall, through which
they let people into the city.
Zombies gather around the wall.
People inside begin to celebrate their potential
salvation.
Since the singing becomes so loud it drives
the zombies to the wall, and they begin climbing
it.
Gerry asks Warmbrunn if he could get into
India what he should look for, but the agent
tells him that he can only look for a way
to hide.
The zombie horde climbs
the wall as the celebration
continues, but the authorities realize something
is happening.
Zombies start falling from the wall and into
Jerusalem.
Gerry tries to escape with Warmbrunn as the
zombies begin rampaging inside the wall.
Helicopters pick them off from the outside,
barely making a dent.
Warmbrunn tells Gerry that his people will
get him to his plane.
The zombies make their way deeper into the
city, and the Israeli army can't do much about
it.
Gerry runs with a crowd that is constantly
chased by zombies.
Until a soldier activates a grenade.
Meanwhile, the pilot of Gerry's plane gets
informed that the city is breached and that
zombies are headed towards the airport.
A zombie horde follows Gerry and the officers.
He looks out of a window where a horde rampages
and sees a child being completely avoided
by them.
The officers keep staving off the zombies,
as Gerry hides.
They activate more grenades, and v kills the
last zombie.
She gets bitten in the process.
When Gerry sees the bitemark he cuts off her
hand, and the virus can't spread.
Segen loses a hand but doesn't turn into a
zombie.
The last survivors run toward the chopper
that arrived for them, but it gets attacked
by a group of zombies and goes down.
Gerry's pilot requests immediate departure,
as Gerry approaches the airport.
He sees his plane already on air.
They stop another departing plane.
Only Gerry and Segen enter the plane through
the cockpit.
The pilots don't know where to go and are
looking through a map when a zombie horde
surrounds the plane.
Fortunately, it lifts off in time.
Once in the air, Gerry takes a look down at
the city and watches as it gets decimated
by the zombies that entered.
He finds alcohol and gives it to Segen.
Gerry needs to change the dressing on her
wound and disinfects his hands, then the stump.
Lastly, he dresses her arm and tells her that
he didn't know if cutting it off would work.
Suddenly, Gerry remembers the story about
officer Ellis and remembers other people that
have not been attacked by zombies.
He realizes what they should do and calls
Karin, telling her to find Thierry.
Gerry tells him that he needs to locate a
research facility close to him.
Thierry needs to know where he is, and Gerry
bangs on the cockpit door.
He gives his phone to the pilot.
After the conversation with Thierry, the pilot
tells him that they will be going to Cardiff,
where there is a possibility of reaching a
W.H.O. research facility.
Gerry hears the dog bark in the back.
When the stewardess calls the elevator, the
dog runs away.
She opens it, and a zombie attacks her.
Gerry realizes something is going on as the
stewardess attacks people and makes more zombies.
He sees what's happening and tells the passengers
to stay quiet.
They work together to block out the door with
everything they can find.
One of the passengers drops a bag and alerts
the zombies.
They storm the plane and rampage through it.
Gerry battles with the zombies, and he almost
gets bit when Segen shoots the zombie that's
after him.
She keeps firing, and Gerry finds a grenade
on her belt that he throws in the back of
the plane.
It shreds the plane, and the pilots have to
make an emergency landing.
Gerry puts the seatbelt on Segen, then himself.
A remaining zombie attacks them as the pilots
prepare for impact.
The plane splits into bits upon impact.
Later, Gerry wakes up, strapped to his seat,
and sees that Segen isn't in hers.
He's badly wounded by a piece of shrapnel.
Gerry drops from his seat.
Suddenly, Segen shows up.
They find their way to the W.H.O. facility.
Meanwhile, the general at the U.N. ship is
informed that the Cardiff airport lost contact
with Gerry's plane.
Karin is being called in to talk to Thierry.
He talks to his commander, who tells him to
kick Karin and the kids off the ship.
Back at the facility, Gerry is having delusions
and nightmares.
He wakes up and sees his wound dressed, then
notices someone sitting next to him.
As soon as Gerry wakes up, the man consults
with someone else in another room.
They come back and ask him who he is.
They show him the phone, so he says to call
it and find out who he is.
Thierry is surprised that Gerry is alive then
introduces himself to the men.
Before they can answer, Gerry asks about Karin,
and Thierry tells him what happened.
Later, Gerry is out of the restraints and
they bring Segen in to see him.
They say that his family has been sent to
a refugee camp, but Gerry knows that they
won't be safe there.
The main W.H.O. doctor asks him what he needs
from them, then takes him to his team.
Gerry asks for their deadliest virus with
a high mortality rate because he wants to
use it against the zombies.
They tell him that he can't make the undead
sick, but Gerry explains that it's not for
them but for the humans.
He thinks that the zombies' weakness is not
being able to infect a sick host.
Gerry's notion is that the people he saw being
avoided by the zombies had a terminal disease
that the zombies could sense, so they didn't
attack.
Using the lethal pathogen wouldn't be a cure
but camouflage.
One of the doctors understands his reasoning,
so she explains that the only way to prove
that would be to meet with a zombie face to
face.
She says that they have all the viruses, but
they are all stored in the B-wing that's infested
with around 80 zombies.
Another doctor tells him that the zombies
in the B-wing are dormant at the moment.
He shows him how they can get there.
Next, Gerry, Segen, and the lead doctor are
preparing to go to the wing with the vaults
and get the virus.
Gerry and Segen also get weapons, though the
doctors tell them not to kill any zombie because
it makes the rest more aggressive.
The three of them walk into the hallway.
The lead doctor tells his subordinates to
seal the doors for good if anything else but
them comes through the hallway.
The doctors monitor them from the safety of
the other wing.
Gerry walks in first, and the light comes
on as they slowly walk through the facility.
They keep making noise and wake a few of the
zombies a little.
When they reach a lab with glass doors, Segen
moves to the other side first, then the doctor,
and lastly Gerry, without alerting the zombies.
They continue to the vaults but make a noise
with a flip door and wake up the zombies.
They go through and arrive at the vaults.
There is a zombie down there too, which hears
them.
Segen shoots her, prompting all the zombies
to run toward them.
Gerry distracts the zombies so the rest can
get to the vault.
Most of them get stuck behind a door.
Only one follows Gerry.
He takes it down without too much trouble.
Suddenly, another one appears, and Gerry gets
him too.
Segen and the doctor get to the vaults but
run into more zombies.
They run and are followed out.
The other doctors open the doors for them
even though they are chased by a group of
zombies.
They can barely manage to hold the door but
still close it eventually.
Running away, Gerry manages to get to the
vault where the viruses are stored.
He walks inside and tries to open the door
when the phone rings.
The doctor tells him the passcode, and Gerry
walks inside.
He grabs every virus that can fit in a box.
Suddenly, a zombie appears at the door, and
Gerry is left with no other choice but to
inject himself with one of the viruses.
He gives the others a message for his family,
prepares one of the viruses, and injects it
into his arm.
Gerry waits for the virus to take hold while
the zombie is still outside of the vault.
After a while, he decides to open the door.
The zombie walks in, but it doesn't attack
him.
His idea worked.
Gerry drinks a can of soda and releases the
mechanism on the soda machine to distract
the zombies and get them moving in the other
direction.
He walks back to the main facility without
the zombies giving him any trouble.
The doctors give him a vaccine, and he leaves
the facility with Segen.
Gerry goes to find his family in the refugee
camp.
All of them are there waiting for him.
Meanwhile, his idea gets spread out to the
entire world.
The W.H.O. comes up with a vaccine that works
as camouflage, helping people become invisible
to the zombies.
It gives humankind a chance to fight them
off.
Humans have also devised strategies to annihilate
entire hordes of zombies with either fire
or with bombs.
Survivors find each other and get prepared
for a war that's just beginning.